# treesitephyloproperties
In this project, I test different properties of sites in constructing phylogenetic trees

## Construct a 'perfect' dataset for a given phylogenetic tree. This tree is a random phylogeny
## with the rphylo command. Then, I get the subtrees and I generate sites that support each subtree
## The number of sites that support the subtree is analogous to the internal branch on which the
## the subtree is hanging.
## Then I generate errors in these "perfect sites". I do this by incorporating a probability of errors in copying
## the perfect sites.
## The whole alignment is binary in the beginning, but I convert it to pseudo-DNA. i.e. each site will still have
## two states, but they will be DNA states. I did this because the ML methods for tree reconstruction seem to work
## better for DNA (i.e., they report errors for binary states).
##
## I also generate a totally random dataset, i.e. the probability of having 1 or 0 is just 50-50.
## Then, I compare different metrics between these datasets
## Plot 1: the maximum likelihood score distribution per site
## Plot 2: the maximum likelihood tree of the 0.75 tree (this is the tree generated by a dataset where each character has a probabili
## Plot 3: the maximum likelihood tree of the totally random dataset
## Plot 4: the true tree (as it is produced by rtree)
## Plot 5: Parsimony score distributions
## Plot 6: In this plot I just concatenated the dataset "0.75" to produce a much larger (x20) dataset. The goal is to test how the bo


